fix(SfrCrossSectionUtils): fix for n-point x-section area calculation (#1172)
MODFLOW-USGS/modflow6: doc/mf6io/gwf/sfr.tex

	\label{fig:sfr-n-point}
\end{figure}

> Where irregular cross-sections are used to define variable stream geometries, the wetted perimeter used in Manning’s equation [(Equation 7-7, \cite{modflow6gwf}] depends on the number of points defining the cross-section and the simulated stage.  Using only the minimum number of points (i.e., 2-point cross section), \mf will not account for the vertically wetted streambed area when the stage rises above the elevation of the defined points. For example, the 2-point cross-sections shown in fig.~\ref{fig:sfr-n-point-wp}A-C depict the cross-sectional areas (light blue) and wetted perimeters (orange) calculated by the SFR package and used in \cite{modflow6gwf} (Equation 7-7).  In applications where the wetted perimeter should account for vertically wetted sides, additional points above the maximum anticipated stage should be defined (fig.~\ref{fig:sfr-n-point-wp}D).  Note that when the simulated stream stage rises above the points representing the top of the channel, the additional cross-sectional flow area above the defined points will be accounted for but the corresponding wetted perimeter will not extend above the defined points (fig.~\ref{fig:sfr-n-point-wp}E,F).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where irregular cross sections are used to define cross-sectional stream geometries, the wetted perimeter used in Manning’s equation [(Equation 7-7, \cite{modflow6gwf}] depends on the number of points defining the cross section and the simulated stage.  Using only the minimum number of points (i.e., 2-point cross section), \mf does not include perimeter lengths above the uppermost defined points in the wetted perimeter calculations. For example, the 2-point cross sections shown in fig.~\ref{fig:sfr-n-point-wp}A-C depict the cross-sectional areas (light blue) and wetted perimeters (orange) calculated by the SFR package and used in \cite{modflow6gwf} (Equation 7-7).  In applications where the intent is for the wetted perimeter to include the entire lengths of wetted sides, additional points above the maximum anticipated stage should be defined (fig.~\ref{fig:sfr-n-point-wp}D).  Note that when the simulated stream stage rises above the points representing the top of the channel, the additional cross-sectional flow area above the defined points will be accounted for but the corresponding wetted perimeter will not extend above the defined points (fig.~\ref{fig:sfr-n-point-wp}E,F).
```
